[Music]
ten signs that your crush likes you
being in love is such a wonderful
feeling but it can be so stressful when
you're constantly wondering whether or
not the feelings are mutual there's
nothing worse than unrequited love you
know lucky for you body language doesn't
lie and it can show you exactly how
somebody feels about you so what are
these nonverbal signs of attraction
let's find out together but before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on notifications so
that you'll always be the first to see
our new videos
number 10 mirroring you know what they
say monkey see monkey do
well the same principle applies to
humans as well if someone likes you
they'll sort of mirror you all you have
to do is carefully observe your crush's
gestures facial expressions and poses
during your conversation if they're
facing you with their entire body
mimicking your vocal pattern and body
language with a slight delay and even
using the same words or expressions as
you the case is clear your crush is most
likely attracted to you or at least
finds you really interesting and wants
to keep speaking with you though one
case when a copycat is a good thing
[Music]
number nine random touching if a guy or
girl finds any excuse to touch you they
probably have a thing for you it's
nothing inappropriate or sexual it can
be as simple as picking a piece of lint
off of your clothes
a person who's smitten always feels the
urge for physical contact with the one
they desire if your crush is a bit more
confident they might even accidentally
touch your arm wrist or shoulder during
your conversation and if no matter how
self-assured they are people in love are
still nervous to touch their crush so
they end up doing it pretty awkwardly
it's really obvious if you know what to
look for so keep your eyes peeled
number eight getting cloaks it's no
surprise that when you're head over
heels in love you want the distance
between you and the object of your
desire to be as small as possible so if
you notice that your crushes usually
tries to get closer to you and narrow
the distance between you that's a
wonderful sign that they're into you -
maybe they always try to sit next to you
even if there's a lot of extra space
around or they might lean in a bit when
you're talking to them their crush may
even want to get rid of any objects
between the two of you but we'll get
into that a bit later all these hints
mean one thing they've got it bad for
you
[Music]
number seven looking at you lips
whenever you're talking to your crush
and you see their eyes glancing down at
your lips from time to time then
congratulations this person feels the
same way about you as you do them we
don't mean to do it
it's an instinctual and glaring sign
that we want to kiss somebody when a
person is in love they're drawn to you
both mentally and physically
that's why looking at someone's lips is
a huge indicator that there's definitely
something there another sign to check
for is whether their lips are slightly
parted when they look at yours that's a
green light that they want to get closer
to you number six maintaining eye
contact you might not even realize it
but when you feel uncomfortable annoyed
or intimidated around somebody you tried
to limit eye contact with this person as
much as possible well it goes the other
way too when you're really crazy about
someone you want to gaze into their eyes
as much as possible keeping their eyes
locked on yours is an obvious sign that
this person is highly interested in you
and what you're talking about you
wouldn't look into the eyes of a person
you don't care about longer than usual
right so if they can't keep their eyes
off of you that simply means that your
crush is crushing on you - number five
paying attention this point is
especially true for men since women tend
to be more attentive by nature so ladies
if your crush boys remembers little
things
said or notices and minor changes in
your appearance like if you've trimmed
your hair or parted it differently he
probably has feelings for you it shows
that he pays close attention to and
keeps in mind any bits of information
about you and gentlemen it's still a
great sign when a woman is attempted to
everything about you it means that she
definitely cares about you whether it's
in a romantic way or not number four
sweaty palms feeling your heart race
every time your crush comes near you
isn't just something in romance stories
studies confirm that your heart rate
actually does increase when you're next
to someone you like this happens due to
a rush of adrenaline but how is it
connected to sweaty palms well an
increased heart rate is also accompanied
by other crystal clear signs of arousal
and sweatiness is one of them unless you
have superhuman hearing like Superman
himself you can't cure your crushes
heartbeat but you can notice their palms
getting a bit sweaty that's your clue
number three removing barriers school
psychologists know that we
subconsciously put obstacles between
ourselves and the people who don't like
during communication it can be anything
your bag a newspaper a cup or any other
object nearby it can also happen because
you really don't want to open up to this
particular person or you're not in the
mood to socialize today again the same
works vice-versa
when somebody who likes you they try to
remove any obstacles to feel a little
bit closer to you so try to look from
this sign next time you're talking to
your crush number two changes in their
voice research shows that if you're
attracted to somebody your voice
instinctually changes a little bit in
your precious presence and this happens
in both men and women men subconsciously
deepen their voice to seem more
masculine and dominant woman's voice is
softened to sound more caring and
understanding it can be hard to catch
these changes since they're really
slight and not dramatic at all but now
that you know what to listen for
maybe next time you're one-on-one with
your crush you'll get a hint
something like that happening number one
changes in their walking pills in an
interesting study psychologists found
that if a man or woman is attracted to
somebody he or she will subconsciously
try to match their love interest walking
pace I know it seems kind of weird but
it's true during their research men and
women who had no interest in each other
didn't slow down when their partner did
and maintain their own pace but the
other group people who had feelings for
one another tried to match their
partner's pace as much as they could so
finding out whether or not your crushes
into you isn't that hard just slow down
your date and see if they do the same
[Music]
do you know any other nonverbal signs of
Attraction tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to share this
video with your friends maybe it'll help
them figure out how their crush feels
about them too remember to always stay
on the bright side of life with us and
we'll see you soon
[Music]